Why I Built This Repository?

It took a long time for me to understand computer science. The reason is that when I learned or saw some code, sometimes I wanted to think like the person who designed the language, which led to more confusion and low efficiency. Other times, I got totally confused by them because, unlike subjects like physics, I didn't know what entity it referred to in reality, and sometimes I would feel frustrated that I spent lots of time on things that is not reality that they cannot be touched or sensed. This kind of feeling happened most frequently when I tried to explain what I do now to some non-CS friends. I feel upset when they seem not interested in how the application works and yawn when I explain all the conduct computer and programmer use to make it happen—if you never code, you will never imagine.

Even though I went through all these down moments, I still feel like there is something to be known from computer science; after all, it shapes modern society and is a part everyone cannot live without. Therefore, I guess maybe I learned too little to feel it.

One day, in one class about the big data system, it struck me that, why can't I imagine computer science as physics? It is also a kind of reality. In physics, we learn how the superpower makes this world, and in computer science, we learn how people imagine in the same way to make a miracle! It is also something real, as it changes and works on reality and change our thinking pattern and our life. And the best way to record this imagination-created reality and to memorize what kind of scenarios you have seen is to put them into words. That's the reason for the existence of this repository.
